Hey, I haven't updated
these in a while, but still.
Just...
It should be. Just go
through these, okay?
If you see any you recognize, just
put them down on the table here.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I'm sorry!
(CRYING)
Oh, my God.
I didn't mean to...
He made me.
(SNIFFLING)
Oh, shit.
This one. Look at me.
You're sure?
I'm sure.
Jesus Christ.
(SOBBING) Oh, God!
Oh, God!
Jesus Christ.
Son of a bitch.
Oh, God.
Well, he's lying.
Have you gone soft
in the head, Les?
Twenty kids, sir.
He's playing you.
He knows he's in trouble, so he's
come up with some cock and bull story
about how he was forced
to stay in the country.
With all due respect, sir, I
don't think so. You didn't see him.
This kid, he's scared
half out of his mind.
He picked the Collins kid.
We found him, remember?
Haven't you been
reading the papers?
(PHONE RINGING)
Or maybe you have,
is that it?
Sir, if you'd just
listen to me...
I'm sorry, Captain,
but he's here again.
Who?
- That Reverend Briegleb.
He's asking about
Christine Collins.
Well, you tell that
son of a bitch
to get the hell off
of police property,
or I'll have him arrested
for disturbing the peace.
I tried. He said he won't
leave, him or his friends.
What?
Oh, what the hell!
(PEOPLE CLAMORING)
Jesus!
Oh, Jesus jumped down.
YBARRA: Captain?
Ybarra?
- Yeah.
Listen to me. You're to do
nothing except get back here.
Sir, departmental
policy requires that
all allegations of homicide
have to be investigated.
These are kids,
for Christ sake.
Departmental policy
is what I say it is.
Now, I'm ordering you to get your ass
back here with that kid, you got that?
You don't talk to anybody and
you bring me that kid. You got it?
Nobody!
(EXHALES)
Captain Jones.
- Boys.
What the hell have you done
with Christine Collins?
And don't try and lie
your way out of it,
because several of her neighbors saw
her being driven away in a police car.
Mrs. Collins has been placed
in protective custody
following a mental breakdown.
A what?
She's getting the best
treatment available.
And that will be all.
NURSE: Next.
Go on. Move up.
- For what?
Medication.
Medication for what?
- The kind that's good for you.
Help you relax.
Well, I don't want to relax.
- Come on.
I'm not gonna take something...
- We can force-feed you
if that's what you want.
- I don't know what it is!
I don't know what it is. Dr. Steele?
- Take it. Orderly.
Dr. Steele?
I understand. Come on.
NURSE: Ladies,
keep moving. Come on.
I don't wanna take anything
that I don't know what it is.
There's nothing wrong with
me that I need medication.
There's nothing
wrong with you.
No, there's nothing wrong.
No.
You're fine.
- Yes, I am.
(CHUCKLING) Well, then you shouldn't
have any trouble signing this.
By signing it, you certify
that you were wrong
when you stated the boy returned to
you by the police was not your son.
It further stipulates
that the police were right
in sending you here for
observation and it absolves them
of all responsibility.
Sign it.
I won't sign that.
Well, then your condition
is not improved.
Sign it, and you can be out of
here first thing tomorrow morning.
But I wasn't wrong.
He's not my son.
My son is still missing.
Mrs. Collins,
you're becoming agitated.
Yes, I'm, yes... I'm not signing
that, because he's not my son!
Orderly!
He's not my son!
- Orderly!
My son is missing!
The patient is becoming hysterical!
- No! My son is missing!
See to it she is
sedated properly.
Get her out of here.
- No! No! No!
Next!
- No!
No, no!
NURSE: Orderly, hold on.
(CHRISTINE SCREAMING)
Stop it!
No!
- Open your mouth. Open, open your mouth.
ORDERLY: Easy!
NURSE: You got her?
God!
- Swallow it.
Stop it!
(ALL SHOUTING)
Move back.
You!
ORDERLY: Get her out of here!
(CHRISTINE MOANING)
ORDERLY: Come on, you got her?
Stay out of this! This is none of
your business! This is police business!
All of you! You'll stay out of it
if you know what's good for you!
You'd think you were in enough
trouble with the law already,
being a whore,
wouldn't you?
Attacking a staff member.
Room 18.
No, no! Stop it! No!
No! No!
CAROL: No! Stop it!
(SOBBING)
(PANTING)
(SCREAMS)
(ELECTRONIC BUZZING)
(PHONE RINGING)
(DOOR OPENING)
Come on, kid.
(DOOR SHUTTING)
MAN: I don't know. I'm not sure.
I think so. He was pretty close.
Excuse me.
It's all right, I can take it from here.
- But I got...
We need him
for questioning.
MAN: Like I said,
it was dark.
Thanks. Come on.
Brady, Ross.
You've just been requisitioned for
backup. I'll explain on the way.
BRADY: Yes, sir.
NURSE: I'm not sure. She said she'd had
the croup before. This could be pneumonia.
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
NURSE 1: I keep telling her
that, and she doesn't want to.
NURSE 2:
You have to insist.
You shouldn't
have done that.
PATIENT: Please, let me out!
ORDERLY: Get in there!
Wanted to.
Felt good.
PATIENT: Let me out! No! Please! No!
ORDERLY: You got her?
I lost two babies
to back alley doctors.
No choice.
Never had the chance
to fight for them.
You do.
Don't stop.
I won't.
(PATIENT SCREAMING)
Fuck them and the horse
they rode in on.
That's not exactly
language for a lady.
Hell.
There are times that's exactly
the right language to use.
Yeah?
When you've got
nothing left to lose.
You're not supposed
to be here!
Mmm. Mmm.
Stay there. Check the
house. Check the barn.
It's all clear.
DETECTIVE: Clear here.
Bring me that shovel.
YBARRA: All right. Let's go.
Come on.
You're gonna show me.
Come on. Show me.
This it?
You sure?
Yeah.
Dig.
You put them in the ground, you
can take them out of the ground.
Go on. Dig.
You heard me. Dig.
(GRUNTING)
My God.
Oh, my God.
(PANTING)
Call it in.
Get the coroner
and every officer
in a 20-mile radius here
inside the hour.
Then put out an APB on
Gordon Stewart Northcott.
The information's
in my car. Go on.
(PANTING)
You can stop, son.
You can stop now.
It's over.
Hey.
We'll take it, we can take it
from here. We can take it from...
(SOBBING)
We can take it from
here, okay? It's over.
It's okay.
(SOBBING)
It's okay. It's okay.
It's all over.
Okay?
File.
Privacy, please.
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
I see that you've been refusing
medication, requiring force feeding.
NURSE: All right, Michael.
Lunchtime?
Six days, Mrs. Collins,
and no progress.
We may have to move on to
more strenuous therapies.
Unless you're willing to
prove that you're doing better
by signing this.
Fuck you and the horse
you rode in on.
Room 18.
I want to talk to somebody
in charge, right now!
Please.
Who is in charge here?
(CHRISTINE GRUNTING)
NURSE: Open.
I'm the head doctor on duty.
You're the doctor who
locked up Christine Collins?
Oh, I'm sorry, sir.
We don't discuss cases with
anyone other than family.
Oh, you'll damn well
discuss this one. Read it.
Sir.
Read it.
(CHRISTINE GRUNTING)
(DOOR OPENING)
Stop.
(COUGHING)
Mrs. Collins,
one last time.
Are you or are you not
prepared to sign that letter?
No.
You're free to leave.
What?
Your clothes are in the next
room. You can change there.
In the next room?
Yes. That's right.
See to it.
(SIGHS)
Christ.
NURSE 1: Long as
it's not the original.
NURSE 2: No, it's not.
NURSE 1: Here it is.
NURSE 2: And who is that? Is
that Baker's file or Larson?
NURSE 1: That's Baker.
He said he wanted...
Nurse, I wanna see
every piece of paper you have on
the case of Mrs. Christine Collins,
and I want to see it right
now, do you understand me?
Every piece. When
will she be coming out?
WOMAN 1:
Oh, it's just up ahead.
WOMAN 2: Oh, all right.
Let's...
BOY: Hurricane hits
West Palm Beach!
Babe Ruth hits
53rd home run!
Kids found murdered in Riverside!
MAN: There it is.
Biggest crime
in Los Angeles history!
Collins boy assumed dead!
Read it here!
(GASPING)
(BOY CHATTERING)
Mrs. Collins,
I'm so sorry.
(CRYING)
Captain, your handling of
the Christine Collins case
has exposed this department
to public ridicule.
There is even the possibility
of civil and criminal liability.
Sir, nobody could've known what
was happening up at that ranch.
Not us, the sheriff's department,
or the marshal's office.
And as for the
Collins woman,
I'm still not convinced that her boy
is among the victims up in Wineville.
No?
No.
There were four other photos of
missing boys that looked a lot like him.
The Clark kid
could've been mistaken.
Maybe he was.
Which begs the obvious
question. Who cares?
Sir?
The mayor wants
this to go away.
I want this to go away.
The way you do that is to stop
insisting that Walter Collins
is not among those boys killed
up at that goddamn ranch.
Because if the boy you brought
back is not Walter Collins,
and he's not dead up at that
ranch, then where the hell is he?
People are gonna want to
know why we haven't found him.
Why we're not
doing our job.
But if, on the other hand,
he is, or could be, among those
poor boys killed up in Wineville,
then the inquiries stop.
It's a momentary
embarrassment
you're just gonna
have to live with.
Better a short
inconvenience
than a lingering problem,
wouldn't you say, Captain?
Yes, sir.
The boy's been gone
nearly a year.
If he was going to be found,
it would've happened by now.
Whether he was up
at that ranch or not,
the truth is he probably
is dead somewhere.
Better his mother accept that
now than later, don't you think?
Yes, sir.
- Good.
That'll be all, Captain.
That's how you want it,
then I guess we're done here.
Tell county jail we're
remanding him for trial.
Wait. I didn't do anything. I
wasn't even here when it happened.
By pretending to
be Walter Collins,
you're interfering in a police
investigation of a kidnapping and murder.
We can try you as accomplice
to that murder after the fact.
That's too bad.
County jail is a lot worse than
a juvenile hall or a foster home.
It's a lot worse.
You can't do that.
I'm just a kid.
Sanford Clark's a kid, too.
Fifteen.
He's going to jail.
All murderers and their accomplices
go to jail. Everybody knows that.
Get him out of here.
It's out of my hands now.
Wait. I don't
want to go to jail.
(EXHALES)
Prove it.
I...
I knew Los Angeles is where
they make the Tom Mix movies.
I figured
if I could meet Tom Mix
maybe he would let me
ride on his horse.
His horse is named Tony.
Did you know that?
How are you feeling?
CHRISTINE: All right.
The police still
have a car outside.
I guess they're waiting to see
what your next move is going to be.
I'm going home.
- And then?
Then, I've been giving it
a lot of thought.
And what they did to those women,
and what they did about Walter.
I used to always tell him, "You never
start a fight, but you always finish it."
And I didn't start this
fight, but I'm gonna finish it.
Mrs. Collins, right now you're a
sufficiently high profile that I think
even the police would hesitate
to go after you out in the open,
but I have to warn you that
could change very quickly
if they feel their
position threatened.
Very quickly indeed.
What are they gonna
do to me now?
They got nothing.
I'm going home.
(ENGINE RUNNING)
(HONKS)
(DOORBELL BUZZING)
Hi, sis.
Gordon.
I didn't know
you were back in town.
Yeah, I got in
a couple of days ago,
figured I'd surprise you.
Is that... Is that okay?
Yes. Yes, of course.
Of course, come on in.
Where's that
little niece of mine?
She went into town.
Should be back this evening.
Uh, Bob's here.
Oh, good.
Uh, I was gonna ask if I
could stay on a couple days.
Staying?
Yeah.
Listen, can I use
your bathroom?
It's been a long ride and
I could really use a shower.
Of course.
- Okay.
Thank you.
Is that...
All right, go next door.
I'll call the police. Hurry.
Operator.
How may I connect you?
He's upstairs, sir.
Go around the other side!
Cut him off!
OFFICER 1: Come with me!
OFFICER 2: Yes, sir.
OFFICER 1: Let's go!
Mrs. Collins, I'd like you
to meet my friend, Mr. Hahn.
Mrs. Collins, my deepest
condolences on your loss.
May we come in?
I appreciate the sentiment,
but they've yet to find...
To identify the
remains as my son.
I'm afraid it never
gets any easier.
I lost a daughter
to polio five years ago.
There's not a day goes by
when I don't think,
"I should mention
this to Claudine."
Then I remember
she's not here.
Please, sit.
I've been on the phone
all morning
with the appointment secretary
of the police commission.
They said that they
won't let me testify
at the hearing or call witnesses.
That it won't be necessary.
I know. My sources say
the police commission
is going to say that Jones and the
LAPD did absolutely nothing wrong,
and that the real blame lies
with the kid and with you
for being difficult and forcing them
to put you away for your own safety.
Then I guess I would have to
hire a lawyer, file a civil suit.
I went to the best
attorney in town,
a man who's sued this
city four times and won.
Unfortunately, we can't
afford to really hire him.
I see.
Which is why
I'm doing this pro bono.
It would be my honor to defend
your honor, Mrs. Collins.
In my 15 years as a lawyer,
I have never seen anyone fight
as long or as hard as you have,
in what is so clearly
in the cause of justice.
Thank you.
NURSE 1: Let me see
what's on the shelf.
NURSE 2: I'll look.
Yes? May I...
My name is S.S. Hahn,
and I have a court order for the immediate
release of all women being detained
in this institution under
the designation code 12
pending a formal inquiry into
the reasons for their detainment.
I'm sorry, the doctor
in charge is not here
until the morning.
- Madam, let me be clearer.
Either you will produce the
people named in that court order,
or you will find yourself behind
bars, and I mean without a key.
I can't authorize you...
- Madam, stand aside.
Can I see her now?
Sure. Absolutely.
- How does she look?
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
OFFICER: All right, fellas,
step back. Let's give him room.
REPORTER 1: Here he is.
REPORTER 2: Mr. Northcott,
any comment on your arrest?
REPORTER 1: Mr. Northcott,
how are you feeling?
Oh, I'm feeling fine.
I've been on a little
vacation, as some of you know.
(CHUCKLING) It was
a really pleasant vacation.
The police have certainly provided
me with a lot of amusement.
REPORTER 3: How long
you been in hiding?
How did you
avoid capture?
OFFICER 1: Easy, easy.
That's far enough.
Well, I didn't, did I?
PHOTOGRAPHER:
One more shot!
REPORTER 4: Have you seen
your picture in the paper?
(CHUCKLING) Didn't know anybody
wanted me until just recently.
Didn't even try.
My luggage still has
my initials on it, fellas.
REPORTER 5: Did you know why
the police were after you?
No, but I figured it'd be a good
idea if I were to just stay out of it.
REPORTER 6: Any remorse, sir?
REPORTER 7: Do you have anything to say to
the parents of the children you murdered?
No comment.
PHOTOGRAPHER: One more shot,
this way!
Mayor Cryer.
This is unexpected.
So was this.
Subpoenas, requests for
depositions, interrogatories.
All courtesy of Mr. Hahn and his
new client, Christine Collins.
You don't have to look them
over too closely, Chief.
Your own copies should
be coming any time now.
The city council has also
agreed to look into this,
starting immediately.
God damn it!
I thought this was
supposed to go away.
This is an election year.
I can't afford
this kind of press.
It is going away, sir. I've instructed
Captain Jones to deal with it.
I'm afraid,
falling on his sword
and saying he made a mistake isn't
going to be good enough, Chief.
If we take him out of
the picture for a while,
just might help calm things down
until the hearing's finished.
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
What is happening?
MAN: Didn't you hear?
It's the biggest protest
I've ever seen.
Protest?
- Yeah.
Over the Collins broad,
if you can believe that.
(SIRENS WAILING)
(PEOPLE CLAMORING)
CROWD: (CHANTING) We want
justice! We want justice!
Oh, my!
CHRISTINE: Mr. Harris.
The Lord works in mysterious
ways, Mrs. Collins.
Boy, does he ever.
(CHANTING CONTINUES)
(GAVEL BANGING)
THORPE: Ladies and gentlemen, can
I have your attention, please?
There are more people gathered in this chamber
than have ever been in this room before.
Therefore, I ask you to refrain
from demonstrations of any kind.
(PEOPLE SHOUTING) CROWD: Tell
the truth! Tell the truth!
We are all here because we want to
know the real facts in this case.
And everybody is going to be heard
if we have to sit here for a week.
Mr. Thorpe, I don't see any
members of the police commission.
(PEOPLE WHISPERING)
THORPE: Are there any members of
the police department in the room?
Is Chief Davis here?
Is Captain Jones here?
Is there anybody here
representing the police?
Mrs. Collins, could you come across
the street with me for just a moment?
There's something
I think you should see.
THORPE: Well, I hate to call a
recess before we've even started,
but I think a few
phone calls are in order.
The police decided it'd be best
to keep this off the main docket
in order to avoid exactly the sort
of chaos we have across the street.
Mrs. Collins.
I'm Leanne Clay.
This is my husband, John.
- Hi.
I just wanted to pass
along my sympathies.
What we went through
waiting to hear anything
about our son David
was bad enough, now this.
But what the police did to
you, there was no call for that.
No call at all.
BAILIFF: All rise.
Please, be seated.
- Bailiff.
Oh, hey.
I saw you in the papers.
You got a lot of moxie, standing
up to the police like that.
The defendant
will please rise.
Gordon Stewart Northcott,
you've been charged with three
counts of murder in the first degree,
with an additional 17 counts under
review by the district attorney's office.
How do you plea?
Oh, not guilty, Your Honor.
(PEOPLE WHISPERING)
You may sit, Mr. Northcott.
In light of the defendant's penchant for
international travel, no bail will be set.
This court will hear preliminary
motions by tomorrow morning.
JONES: The boy,
Walter Collins,
was reported as missing,
March 10, 1928.
We then instituted
a nationwide search.
On August 18th, we received
a cable indicating that a boy
matching his description was
found in DeKalb, Illinois.
Upon questioning, he admitted
to being Walter Collins.
We then made arrangements for him
to be transported back to California.
Where Mrs. Collins told you
the boy was not her son.
Yes. She denied
his identity
in spite of all of the evidence
pointing to the contrary.
But, as subsequent
events have demonstrated,
she was correct.
So, what prompted
you to send her
for psychological
evaluation?
Whether or not this was
in fact the correct boy
was not relevant
to my decision.
Throughout this period,
she acted strangely.
She was often cool
and aloof and unemotional,
especially when confronted
with the boy we found in DeKalb
and in our
subsequent conversation.
It was because of her
disturbing behavior that I
submitted her for observation
to the psychopathic ward of Los
Angeles County General Hospital.
Just like that.
You snap your fingers
and an innocent woman
is thrown
into the psycho ward!
She wasn't thrown. Every family
in this state is in grave danger
when a police captain can
take a woman into his office
and five minutes later
have her thrown into the psychopathic
ward on his own authority!
She wasn't thrown.
She wasn't thrown!
What was that, Captain?
She wasn't thrown.
She was escorted.
(PEOPLE LAUGHING)
Escorted, thrown, the verb
doesn't matter, Captain.
What does matter is that her incarceration
was ordered without a warrant.
I am holding a carbon copy
of the affidavit of insanity
that was issued in the case
of the State of California
v. Christine Collins.
Who signed the affidavit?
I did.
Well, now, let me see
if I have this correct,
a woman was thrown into the
psychopathic ward without a warrant,
because no warrant existed.
And when it was finally
written several days later,
there was no need to sign it
or to go to a judge
because she was already
in the asylum!
Is this correct, Captain?
Technically, yes.
Extraordinary steps were necessary
because we were dealing...
We were dealing with
an extraordinary situation.
Now, is it our fault
that we were being deceived
by a boy who claimed to
be Walter Collins? No.
In light of his claims
and her disturbing behavior,
who wouldn't begin to think that there
was something the matter with her?
Because she questioned you?
No, because
she wouldn't listen!
Because she insisted
on being obstinate!
Because she tried to take
matters into her own hand,
best left to
qualified officers!
Because once
civil disobedience starts...
Because she was fighting
for the life of her son!
A boy who may have
still been alive
while you were wasting valuable time
denying you had done anything wrong!
And in the end
that's what
happened, isn't it?
At some point, while
all this was going on,
Walter Collins
was brutally murdered,
along with as many
as 19 other boys
at the Northcott Ranch
in Wineville.
Is that correct, Captain?
Yes, it is.
MAN: (WHISPERING)
It's a travesty.
No further questions.
(PEOPLE APPLAUDING)
MAN ON PA: Train number 14,
now boarding on track...
So, after much effort, we
were able to identify this boy,
who's been responsible
for so much trouble lately,
as Arthur Hutchins
of Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
Between this, and the arrest of
the man suspected of murdering
the real Walter Collins,
we've cleared up two of the biggest
mysteries in the history of Los Angeles.
I hope you gentlemen
of the press will give
as much space to the
good things we do
as the mistakes that are
made on rare occasions.
Gentlemen, allow me
to introduce you
to the boy's real mother,
Mrs. Janet Hutchins.
Arthur.
I hope he wasn't too
much trouble for you.
Oh, no, not at all.
How about
a photograph, fellas?
(REPORTERS CHATTERING)
REPORTER: One more.
Mrs. Hutchins,
Mrs. Collins, the woman he was
staying with, wanted him to have these.
They're the clothes
she let him wear.
Well, thank you.
Isn't that nice, Arthur?
Tell the nice officer,
"Thank you."
I don't want them.
Give them to somebody else.
(CHUCKLING) Precocious
little fellow, isn't he?
It's not my fault.
It's the police.
They said I was Walter Collins,
not me! It wasn't my idea!
Not my idea!
- Get...
Yeah. Go blame the police
for your own mistakes.
We've seen a lot of
that lately, haven't we?
Take care now, Arthur!
Safe travels.
All right, fellas,
that's it for today.
REPORTER: Sir, sir! What
did the boy mean by that?
It was March 10th, and
I came home from work,
and my nine-year-old
son, Walter, was gone.
Captain Jones was acting on
information he believed to be correct.
Walter Collins had a diastema,
also known as a diastema.
That child was never
in my classroom.
I can certainly
attest to that.
STEELE: We rely on our good
friends in the police department
to point to us those
people who exhibit behavior
which is socially
unacceptable.
CHRISTINE: About four inches
shorter than the last mark of Walter.
Well, some of
these pictures show
what Sanford Clark
told me,
that he did in fact help in
the murder of these children.
PROSECUTOR:
Thank you, Detective.
Gentlemen of the jury,
I ask you to take a good
look at these images.
They establish beyond
any reasonable doubt
the circumstances and the
nature of these heinous crimes.
I'm in here,
Reverend.
When Walter was here, I
used to walk by his room
when he was sleeping.
And even though I couldn't
see him or hear him,
I could feel him.
That's why I don't
think Walter's dead.
I can still feel him.
Mrs. Collins...
- No.
I know what
the police said.
But that place
and the remains,
they couldn't be
properly identified.
And maybe that kid made a mistake
when he picked Walter's picture.
I understand you don't
want to accept this.
What mother would?
But I think it's time
for you to move on
and start over
for yourself.
Your son would
want you to move on.
Maybe.
Maybe he'd want me
to keep looking for him.
Maybe he's somewhere
waiting for me.
I believe he is
waiting, ma'am.
He's waiting in
that place where
we'll all go someday to be
reunited with our loved ones.
And on that day, he'll know
from front to back, end to end,
heart to soul, that you did
everything you could, Mrs. Collins.
(SNIFFLES)
Everything.
(SIGHS)
We should go, ma'am.
One minute.
(CHRISTINE SNIFFLES)
(GAVEL POUNDING)
This meeting will
now come to order.
This committee has now
heard all of the testimony,
and, in light of
the facts presented,
we recommend that the
suspension of Captain Jones
be made permanent.
(PEOPLE CLAPPING)
Order! Please. Please.
Mr. Foreman,
has the jury
reached a verdict?
We have, Your Honor.
Will the defendant
please rise?
Second, that steps be taken
to investigate a change
in the prevailing laws and
procedures by which a citizen
of this city can be
subjected to incarceration
in the county's
mental facilities.
(PEOPLE CLAPPING)
You may read the verdict.
"We the jury find the defendant,
Gordon Stewart Northcott,
"guilty on all counts of
murder in the first degree."
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
Finally, restoration of public
confidence in the police department
can only be achieved
by the removal of
its chief of police,
and this committee
so recommends.
This hearing
is concluded.
(GAVEL POUNDING)
(ALL CHEERING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
Does the defendant wish to make a
statement before judgment is passed?
I want to make
it real clear
that I never once got
a fair shake from you,
Your Honor,
or from this court.
(CHUCKLES)
The only one in here worth
a good goddamn is her.
'Cause she's the only one who
never badmouthed me to the press.
She's the only one
who understands
what it is to be
framed by the police
for something you didn't
do. All right, that's enough.
And then to just be
thrown in the hole,
to just rot and to fester
and to be forgotten
and fade away, isn't that right?
- Gordon!
JUDGE: Counsel!
- Isn't it?
I never killed your boy,
Mrs. Collins.
JUDGE: Counsel, that's enough!
GORDON: I would never do that.
I would never
hurt Walter.
Counsel, get control
of your client
or I'll have him
bound and gagged!
He's an angel.
COUNSEL: Come on, Gordon.
GORDON: Get off of me!
Now get down.
Gordon Stewart Northcott,
it is the judgment
of this court
that you be conveyed
to San Quentin Prison,
where you'll be held in solitary
confinement for a period of two years,
until October 2, 1930.
On that date, you will be
hanged by the neck until dead.
May God have
mercy on your soul.
(GAVEL POUNDING)
(SIGHS)
(CHILDREN CHATTERING)
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
Is it all right if I
have a 10-minute break?
Of course.
You know,
one of these days you might
actually consider taking
one of these
10-minute breaks.
It might be
good for you.
We'll see.
This is
Christine Collins.
I called yesterday.
I was wondering if you had a
chance to look through the files
and see if there was a match
to my son, Walter Collins.
I see.
Well, if it's all
right with you,
I'll call back in a
month. Thank you very much.
HAHN: Mrs. Collins.
- I was just...
Yes, I know.
In fact, that's why
I wanted to see you.
It's about Walter.
We had a...
Well, we received
a very strange telegram.
From who?
Gordon Northcott.
He's asked to see you.
Why?
He said he knows you're
still looking for your son,
and before he dies...
He says he lied when he testified
that he didn't kill Walter.
Christine, he's willing to
finally admit that he did it.
He says if you come up
to see him in person,
then he'll tell you
the truth, to your face
so that you can get
on with your life
and have some peace.
As you know, he's
set to be executed
the day after tomorrow
at San Quentin,
so you don't have
a lot of time.
It took me most of the morning
to make all the arrangements.
Turns out, you're the
first woman in 30 years
the state has allowed
to visit a serial killer
on the eve of
his execution.
(DOOR CLANKING)
You'll be all
right, ma'am?
Yes.
- We're right at the door.
Twenty minutes.
Don't suppose you
got a cigarette?
Mr. Northcott, you
asked me to come here.
You said that
if I did,
you would tell me
the truth about my son.
Yeah.
You're right.
I did say that.
But see, the thing is,
I didn't really think
that you would come.
And now.
And now...
And now what?
I just didn't
expect that you'd...
I don't wanna see you.
You don't wanna see me?
No. See, I can't do this.
I don't wanna talk to you. I
can't talk to you right now,
not with what they're gonna
be doing to me tomorrow.
It's one thing, Mrs.
Collins, to send a telegram,
that is really easy.
But when it's here, right
now, in person, you know,
I just, I can't...
I can't tell you what you
want to hear, Mrs. Collins.
And why not?
Because I don't want to go
to hell with a lie on my lips.
See, I did my penance,
and I asked God to forgive me
and he did, so far as I know.
And I have been
really good ever since.
But if I lie now, if I
commit any sins right now,
I'm out of time here,
and I won't be
forgiven again.
And I'll tell you one thing,
I am not going to hell.
(SHIVERING)
I'm not...
Mr. Northcott, you
asked me to come here.
Mr. Northcott,
please look at me.
(MUMBLING)
Mr. Northcott,
please look at me.
(GRUNTS)
Did you kill my son?
(SCOFFS)
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Yes, you do. Yes, you do.
- Hmm.
Did you kill my son?
(CHUCKLES)
I told you, I don't wanna
talk to you right now.
Did you kill my son?
- Hmm.
- I don't know.
You don't know?
You don't remember?
Did you kill my son?
- Oh, no.
Answer me!
You answer me! You answer me!
I don't know their names.
- Did you kill my son? Yes...
You better get off of me.
Or what?
- Hmm.
Did you kill my son?
- I don't know.
Did you kill...
Did you kill my son?
You know his name!
- Oh, I don't. No.
You called him an angel!
No.
- You know his name!
No, I don't know his name.
- Did you kill my son?
They cried for their parents to
come and get them and then I...
Did you kill my son?
Answer me!
- Or what?
(CHUCKLING) What are you
gonna do? You gonna hurt me?
I hope you go to hell.
Did you kill my son?
- Guard! Hey, guard!
(SOBBING)
Did you kill my son?
- Ma'am, please.
GUARD: Come on.
- I hope you go to hell!
I hope you go to hell!
I'm sorry, ma'am.
Did you kill my son?
(SIGHING)
(SOBBING)
(DOOR BANGING)
(FOOTSTEPS MARCHING)
"Gordon Stewart Northcott,
"you have been
convicted of murder,
"the penalty for which
is death by hanging.
"There have been
no stays or reprieves,
"therefore the execution
will go forward
"as stipulated under the laws
of the State of California."
Do you have
any last words?
No.
Nothing.
I kept clean after
I confessed, Reverend,
just like I said I would.
(CHUCKLES)
(STAMMERING)
Will it...
Will it hurt?
GORDON: Please,
please, not so fast.
Please, don't make
me walk so fast!
(SOBBING) Please,
don't make me!
No, I don't wanna.
(GORDON CONTINUES SOBBING)
No! Thirteen steps.
Thirteen steps.
But I didn't touch
them all, you bastards.
I didn't touch them all.
Please!
(GRUNTING)
A prayer! Please!
God!
Please! Somebody
here, please,
say a prayer for me!
No, God. No!
(GORDON CONTINUES CRYING)
No! No!
(GORDON PANTING)
GORDON: (SINGING)
Silent night
Holy night
All is calm
All is bright
Round yon Virgin
Mother and child
(GORDON YELLS)
(GORDON GASPING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
We're having
a party tonight
at my place for
the Academy show.
You want to come?
- No, I have a million things to do.
Oh, come on,
please. Please!
You girls blew the phone lines
out from here to Baltimore.
(WOMEN EXCLAIMING)
Someone's gotta fix them.
Go, have a good night.
I have the radio.
Okay.
You sure?
I'm sure. I'm sure.
Have a good night.
Good night.
- Good night.
(KNOCKING AT DOOR)
Listen, I really...
Hello, Ben.
I'm meeting some friends at
Musso and Frank's for dinner.
They're gonna pipe in the movie
ceremonies into the restaurant.
Should be quite a night.
I'd love it if you'd come.
I just have so much
work I should be doing.
Good night.
Ben?
I...
I put $2 down on
It Happened One Night
to win Best Picture.
Seems I am the only
person that thinks
it has a chance
against Cleopatra.
But, if it wins, do you wanna
celebrate tomorrow night at dinner?
(ELEVATOR BELL DINGS)
It's a deal, Christine.
See you.
If your movie wins,
I'll call you.
I'll be here.
Hi.
- Hi.
PRESENTER ON RADIO:
...The Thin Man, Cleopatra...
Overrated.
... and It Happened One Night.
Clark Gable,
Claudette Colbert.
I rest my case.
May I have the
envelope, please?
And the winner is
It Happened One Night.
(CHUCKLING)
I knew it! I knew it,
I knew it, I knew it!
(PHONE RINGING)
Dinner is on me.
MRS. CLAY: Is this
Christine Collins?
(CLEARS THROAT)
Yes, it is.
This is Mrs. Clay.
Do you remember me?
(STAMMERING) Mrs. Clay,
of course I remember you.
I just had to
call you right off.
What is it?
- The police just called.
They found a boy,
Christine.
Where?
- Lincoln Heights Precinct.
We're leaving right now.
I'll be right down.
Oh, here.
I wanted to go
to him right off,
but they said it was important
to talk to him alone first.
Are they sure?
- They're sure.
But, more important,
I'm sure.
It's my boy, all right.
(EXCLAIMS)
It's David.
He's alive, Christine.
They found him
up in Hesperia.
(SHUSHING) OFFICER: You were
walking home from school,
and they told you they
needed help finding a dog.
DAVID: Yeah.
So, after you got in the
truck, what happened next?
They drove me around
for a long time,
then we ended up
at this ranch.
(DAVID GRUNTS) GORDON:
Come on. Come on, Davy.
Davy! Come on.
DAVID: Get off me.
Don't fight
this much. Hey!
Were there other
boys there?
Yeah. Five, I think.
It was a long
time ago, though.
Hello, boys.
This is Davy.
I know you'll make
him feel... Hey!
(BOYS SHOUTING)
(SHOUTING) No. No! Hey! Shut up!
Did you speak to them?
Yeah? You remember
any of their names?
Yeah.
Two of them
were brothers.
I think their last
name was Winslow.
The oldest one
was Jeffrey.
And Walter.
Walter?
Yeah.
- Do you remember Walter's last name?
Collins.
Walter Collins.
Tell me something if you only
remember some of the boys' names,
how come you remember
his full name?
Because of
what happened.
Walter and Jeffrey
were talking.
JEFFREY: Pull it.
DAVID: They kept checking around
and they found a part of the coop
where the wire was all messed up.
WALTER: (WHISPERING)
Be careful!
Hurry!
Maybe make enough room to
get out of there and run.
JEFFREY: When we get
out, we split up,
go in different
directions. Okay?
They can't catch all of us.
It'd make an awful
lot of noise.
JEFFREY: (WHISPERING)
Be quiet. You got it?
And if it wasn't wide
enough, then we'd be stuck.
DAVID: (GRUNTS) Wait.
Help! Help! Come on, hurry!
My foot's stuck! Hurry,
help! Help me, please!
He's coming!
He's...
My foot!
(WALTER GASPS)
DAVID: He's coming.
Hurry, run, run, run!
GORDON: Hey! What
the hell are you boys...
Oh! Mary, Mother of
God! Hey! Hey! Hey!
You get back here!
Hey! Hold it! Hey!
(GUN COCKING)
Hey!
(GUN FIRING)
(BOYS GRUNTING)
GORDON: Hey!
(DAVID YELLS)
(GUN FIRING)
SANFORD: Stop!
(YELLS)
Check on the others!
Stop! Damn it!
Boys,
I'm coming after you!
Damn it! Damn it!
Boys, I'll find you no
matter where you are!
SANFORD: They're not in there!
- Come on! Get in the car!
I'm gonna find you! Damn
it! Damn it! Come on.
Shit! Get in
the car, Sanford!
(PANTING)
That was the last
I saw of any of them.
So, you don't know if either
of the other two were captured?
No.
All I know is,
if Walter hadn't
come back for me
I don't think I ever would've
gotten out of there.
Okay.
So, what happened
after that?
I kept off
the main roads,
until I saw a train stopped
at a crossing and I jumped in.
Why didn't you tell
anyone what had happened?
I was afraid.
I thought they'd come
after me, or my folks.
So, I just didn't
tell anybody.
I was on my own until I got a free
meal from this lady, Miss Lansing.
Told her I was an
orphan, on my own.
She said I could stay on.
And I did.
Every night,
I'd wake up thinking they
were right outside my window.
And then I heard the
police talking on the radio
about what happened
at the ranch.
And I thought, "For sure
I can't go back now."
(SOFTLY) Why?
Why not?
Since I didn't tell
anybody what happened.
I was afraid they'd blame
me for those kids being dead.
(SNIFFLES)
So I just stayed away.
What made you come forward
now, after all this time?
Hmm? Why come
forward now?
I really miss my mom.
I really miss my dad.
I just wanna go home.
(DAVID SOBBING)
(DOOR OPENING)
(MRS. CLAY SOBBING)
(CRYING) Are you all right?
I love you.
I still can't believe it.
Five years, case closed, everyone
thinks he's dead, and there he is.
Wouldn't be, if it
wasn't for Walter.
Your son did a brave
thing, Mrs. Collins.
You should be
very proud of him.
I am.
You still think
he's out there?
Why not?
Three boys made a run for
it that night, Detective.
And if one got out,
then maybe either or both
of the others did, too.
Maybe Walter's out there, having
the same fears that he did.
Afraid to come home
and identify himself,
or afraid he'll get
into trouble.
But either way,
it gives me something I
didn't have before tonight.
What's that?
Hope.
(BELL DINGING)
Subtitles by LeapinLar
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org